hello it's februari 6 2014 i'm over at
Sky ships over cashiers and they're
reporting multiple UFO sightings in the
Detroit area in look at January this
picture here was taken by a resident of
HAMP track Michigan he snapped it says
it's a large UFO hovering low over his
neighborhood the king of January fifteen
twenty fourteen the object is in the
upper left-hand portion of the photo
right here now this it is explained in
the center of the photo is a reflection
of his university of michigan cap the
witnesses wearing when he took the photo
five days earlier on january tent
multiple witnesses reported seeing UFOs
flying over the other detroit area
communities and according to Fox 2 News
reporter Ron savage the station's
Facebook page was blowing up with
hundreds of posts about sightings that
night one witness said black triangle
shaped objects were making circles over
the suburban communities of West
Bloomfield and farmington hills he added
there was no noise and they had great
lights another eyewitness David loving
told Fox News to he was with a group of
friends in flat rock around nine-thirty
p.m. and they could actually see the
triangle shape of the objects the photos
below right here we're videos taken of
the UFOs of the Detroit area on january
10th 2014 if you look on youtube for
this month you will see a number of
videos were taken and uploaded i will
make sure to put a couple of those in
the article associated with this video
and there'll be a link to that in the
details that you see below meantime
there's been a lot of activity there are
more and more videos being produced of
these unidentified flying objects what
are they were they coming from and why
are there so many
all questions to be answered